<p class="article-text team-text-p">Hockey, despite its, sometimes, daring and dangerous rules, 
a very favorite sport in many parts of the world. 
Many of us in childhood, on frozen lakes and rivers, self-made clubs were chasing the puck on the ice. And just look at the hockey match is not less exciting than, for
example - boxing. 
Nowadays, many parents give their kids to a hockey school, 
hoping to develop a good physical preparation for the child, 
endurance and discipline, while not having an idea of ??how easy the path to victory is. 
Let's talk about some factors that contribute to the formation of hockey players. 
</p>
<h4 class="h3-team h1-team-page kryn">Hockey school - where to start</h4>
<p class="article-text team-text-p">Many may think that if there is a hockey stick and skates, then he is already a hockey player. But this is a misconception, the main qualities in the game are: 
character; 
the ability to skate; 
game thinking. 
</p>
<p class="article-text team-text-p">Look closely at your child - does he have a team spirit, desire to win, 
and a desire to work, because without these qualities a 
good hockey player will not work. Many schools of hockey 
for children promise to make a child of the champion, but alas, 
it does not work and it's not because they did not want, but because 
the kid is not interested. So, parents, do not try to realize your unfulfilled dreams 
on your children, if the child does not succeed, maybe it's not him? If the character is
fine and your fighter is ready for achievements, you need to teach him to skate. 
And the best teacher will be figure skating. Yes, yes, figure skating, because this is one of 
the most complicated coordination sports. Most hockey teachers can not, or do not consider 
it necessary to properly teach this skill. The figure sport will make the kid dexterous and flexible, 
especially since hockey sections are often taken from five to six years. Thinking and understanding the game is already the task of the right mentor. 
</p>
<h4 class="h3-team h1-team-page kryn">Choosing a trainer-mentor </h4>
<p class="article-text team-text-p"> 
Determined finally with desires and the ability to ride, the main question arises, how to choose a coach. 
Good masters of sports do not measure their success with cups on the shelf, they are measured by his smiling faces of their wards, 
their progress on the ice and their attraction to the game. You can see the recommendations and reviews on the official sites of hockey clubs, 
and see for yourself by visiting the training with a professional yourself, without a child. Look closely at how the training goes, 
whether the guys are engaged with enthusiasm and joy, or, conversely, with reluctance. A good specialist always has a positive atmosphere during training. 
It is necessary to see "burning" children's eyes, and the environment should be as friendly as possible. It is not necessary to be under a delusion, 
if the coach has everyone "attentive" or on turnover - everyone does what he wants. It is important to pay attention to the appearance of the coach himself,
if he is smart and neatly dressed, often, this is a guarantee of respectful attitude to himself and his business. 
The key rule: a children's coach is primarily a teacher, the second is a methodologist. Therefore, we should observe how he 
communicates with the guys. If the coach screams - it does not mean that he is bad, it is even useful, but if he expresses his 
thoughts with hatred and foul language, then do not stop and waste time in vain. In the case when the coach with ease and respect refers to his players, 
can listen to them, understand and give good advice, then they will return this support to him in full. Hockey is an excellent sport for the child's 
physical health. The main thing is to take lessons seriously. Study the baby and decide! Hockey does not need to be afraid, it's worth loving, 
understanding and living ... 
</p>